acer liquid e 703 and this is a new smartphone with
support of three sim cards at once
The smartphone has a rubberized case with
rounded edges
the front panel of the smartphone takes 5
inch gps screen with hd-resolution
above and below the screen are located and
speakers to create a stereo effect in
games and horizontal layout
the smartphone also has a top
2 megapixel camera and with
LED flash
at the bottom there are three touch buttons
control at the top end there
power button lock screen audio
connector at the bottom of the slot to remove
back cover of the microphone hole and on
right edge two-way controller
volume and micro usb port on the back
the panel has a main camera 8
megapixels with LED flash and
next is a microphone
here is the quick launch button
applications can be set to turn on quickly
on and off a variety of applications
This button below designation that
used technology children with for
sound improvements
it's also nice that if a smartphone
disable it by pressing this button
immediately turn him on out with you
mode under the back cover are
slots at once for three micro sim cards and
micro sd memory cards
the battery here is not removable
after installing a sim card or sim card
to restart or e liquid
703 it works on android 4 4 2 s
sira hotel interface
distinctive feature of this interface
is unlocking the machine so
for example , firstly it is unlocked
back button well besides the fact that the button
power supply
Immediately start the working window and if
the same unlock button starts
Here is such a water interface with
unlockable to each
specific application on the phone text message
just unlocking the browser and camera
settings can be set
dts studio sound so on
choose level
treble bass
different equalizers choose well and for
watching videos also for example drama
as for the button and serapid short
mean long press starts the camera
but
short press now play is selected
You can change the market for example to
flashlight is very convenient any moment
turn on the flashlight now when you click
This button starts the menu where
can choose flashlight flasher or
sos signals
acer liquid e 703 and works on the base
quad 6582
2.3 GHz operating speed
the memory of the samples sold will be two
gigabyte built-in 16 while u
the test was 1 gigabyte operational
and 4 are built in, which is reflected in the tests.
performance
same time the game makers go without
you are welcome
here the camera has the original
settings so switching to and
varied shooting mode
carried by the button in the right
the top corner here runs the whole
a series of diverse pictograms principle
everything is clear shooting mode normal yard
Beauty Hall panorama
people fetish on improving face without counting
brother magic next scene mode
connected car mountains night shot
portrait photography portrait photography on
against the bright background well, too bright background
also here a variety of effects need
choose black and white degree no sharks
The remaining settings are selected as
usually on the left bottom button here
It is convenient to set the resolution
collected all in one menu
Video shot full hd format
maximum resolution
there are still functions here
photo noise reduction taken good
quality from the test video can
look at the link
Accumulators for 3500 miliamper hours
allows you to talk continuously 11
half hours or see 9 in full
what's the video
the main chip
acer liquid e 700 of course is
the ability to use three at once
sim cards
besides there is a powerful battery and
raya camera stands device 275
dollars leave likes comments
compare with other models
subscribe to my channel see
fresh reviews of smartphones and tablets